[EuiSelect] [a11y] Remove "NoInitialSelection" option from DOM when a `value` is selected (#8706)
elastic/eui: packages/eui/changelogs/upcoming/8706.md

**Accessibility**

> - Improved accessibility of `EuiSelect` by hiding the "NoInitialSelection" option once a user makes a selection.

Reviewer: [nit-picking] "NoInitialSelection" is a bit confusing because it looks like a prop but it's not exactly, I would rephrase it to something like this:

```suggestion
- Improved accessibility of `EuiSelect` by removing the empty `<option>` added when `hasNoInitialSelection` is `true` from the DOM, once a user makes a selection.
```
